" simulating airline ticket counter to measure the average amount of time each passenger has to wait in a queue to get
  service by a server."

in this project the airline ticket counter simulation contains events that would include:
customer arrival, the start or conclusion of a transaction, or customer departure.

- The simulation is time driven and performed over a preset time period.
- The passing of time is represented by a loop, which increments a discrete time variable once for each tick of the clock.
- The events can only occur at discrete time intervals.
Thus, the time units must be small enough such that no event can occur between units.
A simulation is commonly designed to allow the user to supply parameters that define the conditions of the system.

For a discrete event simulation modeling a queuing system, these parameters include:
- The length of the simulation given in number of time units. The simulation typically begins at time unit zero.
- The number of servers providing the service to the customers. We must have at least one server.
- The expected service time to complete a transaction.
- The distribution of arrival times, which is used to determine when customers arrive.

By adjusting these parameters, the user can change the conditions under which the simulation is performed.
We can change the number of servers, for example, to determine the optimal number required to provide satisfactory
service under the given conditions.

Finally, a set of rules are defined for handling the events during each tick of the clock. The specific rules depends on
what results are being studied. To determine the average time customers must wait in line before being served, there are
three rules:
Rule 1: If a customer arrives, he is added to the queue. At most, one customer can arrive during each time step.
Rule 2: If there are customers waiting, for each free server, the next customer in line begins her transaction.
Rule 3: For each server handling a transaction, if the transaction is complete, the customer departs and the server
becomes free.

When the simulation completes, the average waiting time can be computed by dividing the total waiting time for all
customers by the total number of customers.